---
layout: default
title: about
permalink: /shortbio/
nav: true
nav_order: 1

profile:
  align: right
  image: eduardo.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>301B Whitmore Lab</p>
    <p>University Park, PA 16802</p>
---

<div class="row mt-4">
  <div class="col-sm-6">
    {% include figure.liquid path="assets/img/edu1.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
  </div>
  <div class="col-sm-6">
    {% include figure.liquid path="assets/img/edu2.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
  </div>
</div>

<div style="text-align:justify;">

I became interested in astronomy in my early childhood, when I used to spend countless nights observing the sky with my father, who has always been an amateur astronomer. Many years later, I started my undergraduate studies in Astronomy at the Universidad Nacional de La Plata, which I completed in 2017 with a thesis on the potential influence of primordial black holes on early cosmic evolution. 
<br>
<br>
I pursued my PhD at the Instituto Argentino de Radioastronomía under the supervision of Prof. Gustavo E. Romero, earning my degree in 2022 with a dissertation on radiation from accreting black holes, with a focus on high-energy emission from nonthermal particle populations. During my doctoral work, I spent six months at the Rochester Institute of Technology, collaborating with Prof. Manuela Campanelli's group on simulations of electromagnetic signatures from accreting supermassive black hole binaries.

<div style="float: right; margin: 0 0 15px 20px; max-width: 300px;">
  {% include figure.liquid path="assets/img/edu4.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
</div>
<br>
I am currently a Postdoctoral Scholar at the Institute for Gravitation and the Cosmos at The Pennsylvania State University, where I work with Prof. David Radice's group on numerical simulations of neutron star mergers and the multimessenger signals generated by these events.

<br><br>

Outside of research, I enjoy studying and exploring other subjects, with interests that extend well beyond astrophysics. This provides a meaningful counterbalance to my academic work and continually broaden my perspective. I am also an enthusiastic football (soccer for americans) fan and regularly play in amateur tournaments. In my free time, I also enjoy reading, watching movies, and playing videogames.

</div>